Lattis - Rails-based Patient Research Information System

Copyright (c) 2012 Jason Meller (jason.meller@gmail.com) and Fritz Ifert-Miller 
(fritz.ifert@gmail.com) All Rights Reserved.

Redistribution and use of the Lattis code or any derivative works are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions may not be sold, nor may they be used in a commercial product
or activity.
  
Redistributions that are modified from the original source must include the
complete source code, including the source code for all components used by the
application created from the modified sources.

Redistributions must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of
conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other
materials provided with the distribution.

Neither the names of Licensor, nor the names of any contributors to the
Original Work, nor any of their trademarks or service marks, may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this Original Work without express
prior permission of the Licensor. No license is granted to the trademarks of
Licensor even if such marks are included in the Original Work.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.